---
layout: post
title: I [heart] FU
date: 2005-09-04 17:36:42.000000000 -04:00
tags: [introspection]
---
<p>First news first: I’ve got a car. I’m not sure if I’ve said it in any of the previous posts, but I do. It’s an old ’95 2-door Honda Civic, 4-cylinder engine, and gets 30 miles to the gallon! It’s also a stick-shift (which I’ve spent the last couple of weeks learning how to drive). It’s official title is the <span class="caps">WHAT</span>?-mobile, but I nicknamed it Scooter since once it gets up to speed, it can really scoot…</p>



<p>until you load it down with fifty-plus pounds of crap.</p>



<p>Which brings me to my second point: I’m at Furman now.</p>



<p>The drive here was pretty interesting… if by interesting you mean frustrating because not only is your little car handling real hills for the first time, but it’s also laden with the excess of a teenager’s life. Let me put it this way: In order to maintain a 75-mph velocity going up a hill, Scooter needs to either downshift into 4th gear or have a lot of inertia going into the hill. But once we add cargo, it’s a simple matter of weight ratios.</p>



<p>So basically, before I figured out that it was okay to downshift into 4th, I was gunning the engine going down the hills so I could make it up the next one while maintaining common speed. I don’t plan on doing that again… not for a while. Hopefully it’ll handle better without so much stuff in it.</p>



<p>But now I’m here, everyone got here nicely, and three out of four of us have <span class="caps">GROSS</span> beards/hair. Murf reminds me of someone… not sure who at this point. Gandalf?</p>



<p>Anyhoo, I gotta get to church. Sure I <em>could</em> drive myself, but I’ll hitch a ride like usual. <span class="caps">FRAD</span>/FRAR training begins this afternoon… that’s gonna be exciting… not.</p>



<p>Until later!</p>
