---
layout: post
title: Looking To 2014
date: 2013-12-31 12:55:01.000000000 -05:00
---
<p><a href="http://latenightdramaqueen.tumblr.com" target="_blank">Brittany</a> does this every year, and it’s a good idea.</p>

<ol>
<li><strong>What was the single best thing that happened this past year?</strong> <a href="http://paperairplanemob.tumblr.com/post/46439570948">Publishing my first iPhone app.</a></li>
<li><strong>What was the single most challenging thing that happened?</strong> <a href="http://paperairplanemob.tumblr.com/post/40622024531">Getting laid off 2 weeks into the year.</a></li>
<li><strong>What was an unexpected joy this past year?</strong> Actually learning how much Brittany loves me and will stand by and behind and in front of me.</li>
<li><strong>What was an unexpected obstacle?</strong> Losing my job and everything that came with it.</li>
<li><strong>Pick three words to describe 2013.</strong> Okay, plan B?</li>
<li><strong>Pick three words your spouse would use to describe your 2013 (don’t ask them; guess based on how you think your spouse sees you).</strong> Beauty from pain.</li>
<li><strong>Pick three words your spouse would use to describe their 2013 (again, without asking).</strong> Broken but good.</li>
<li><strong>What were the best books you read this year?</strong> ... ask me next year.</li>
<li><strong>With whom were your most valuable relationships?</strong> Brittany, <a href="http://appediem.com/">Andrew</a> and <a href="http://indiecraftparade.com/">Elizabeth</a> Ramos, my former team at Blackbaud, my new co-workers, and my family.</li>
<li><strong>What was your biggest personal change from January to December of this past year?</strong> Last year, I learned I needed to do things. This year, I did them.</li>
<li><strong>In what way(s) did you grow emotionally?</strong> Learning not to tie my self-worth to my job.</li>
<li><strong>In what way(s) did you grow spiritually?</strong> Learning to trust God, even when it's the last thing I want to do.</li>
<li><strong>In what way(s) did you grow physically?</strong> Are you going to ask me this every year?</li>
<li><strong>In what way(s) did you grow in your relationships with others?</strong> It's ok to ask for help, and it's ok to take it when it's offered.</li>
<li><strong>What was the most enjoyable part of your work (both professionally and at home)?</strong> After years of doing nothing but fixing bugs, it was so refreshing to work on building something new.</li>
<li><strong>What was the most challenging part of your work (both professionally and at home)?</strong> Trying to find work and deciding what work to pursue.</li>
<li><strong>What was your single biggest time waster in your life this past year?</strong> Probably Doctor Who, though I rediscovered YouTube recently...</li>
<li><strong>What was the best way you used your time this past year?</strong> <a href="http://pilltimer.oddevan.com/">PillTimer</a>.</li>
<li><strong>What was biggest thing you learned this past year?</strong> God will provide, <a href="http://www.oddevan.com/2013/the-voice.html">just as He promised</a>.</li>
<li><strong>Create a phrase or statement that describes 2013 for you.</strong> It sucked getting here, but you're here now; make $#!% happen.</li>
</ol>

<p>As an aside, this is the first time in <del datetime="2013-12-31T22:32:16+00:00">forever</del> about 4 years that I'm starting the year off without fearing for my job. The year before last, my fears were justified 2 weeks in. Last year, my fears were realized about 2 weeks in. This year, not only am I <em>not</em> sensing impending doom for my job, but I'm actually enjoying it.</p>

<p>So here's to 2014.</p>
